---
lastSync: Tue May 13 2025 00:29:59 GMT+0200 (Ora legale dell’Europa centrale)
---
La Francia, seppur vittoriosa, si trovava ad affrontare tutti i problemi dei paesi sconfitti: le spese per la ricostruzione, una forte inflazione e il malcontento dei reduci di guerra. Le ingenti riparazioni che la Germania doveva versare al governo di Parigi non erano infatti sufficienti a sostenere l’economia francese e fu necessario ricorrere ai prestiti internazionali, soprattutto di provenienza statunitense.


### Precedente
[[1.3 La Gran Bretagna nel dopoguerra.md]]

### Successivo
[[1.5 L'isolazionismo degli Stati Uniti.md]]

## DC motors
Electric motors may run on **direct current (DC)**, like from a battery, or on alternating current (AC) from the mains.
**DC brush motors** were the first electric motors. They are still used in everything from toy cars to heavy machinery in factories. They are very adaptable for varying combinations of speed and torque. Their ability to produce high torque at low speed makes them particularly useful for railway locomotives. However, the fact that they use DC means that they have to incorporate a commutator to continually reverse the direction of the current and keep the rotor turning. The commutator uses brushed to make contact with the rotor and these eventually become worn down and have to be replaced. They may also create sparks which could make the motor dangerous in certain environments.
The **brushless DC motor (BLDC)** eliminates the requirement for a commutator and brushes. Instead it uses an electronic switching circuit to continually reverse the direction of the electric current.